Fixed compactor tests; Moved to full e2e compact test; Cleaned metrics. (#1666)
thanos-io/thanos: CHANGELOG.md

- [#1660](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/1660) Add a new `--prometheus.ready_timeout` CLI option to the sidecar to set how long to wait until Prometheus starts up.

### Changed

> - [](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/) `thanos_compact_group_compactions_total` now counts block compactions, so operation that resulted in compacted block. The old behaviour

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/) `thanos_compact_group_compactions_total` now counts block compactions, so operations that resulted in a compacted block. The old behaviour
```

> is now exposed by new metric: `thanos_compact_group_compaction_runs_total` which counts compaction runs overall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is now exposed by a new metric: `thanos_compact_group_compaction_runs_total`, which counts compaction runs overall.
```
